Merge the Updated Codebase (#201)
FeTS-AI/Challenge: Task_1/README.md

2. ```git clone https://github.com/FETS-AI/Challenge.git```
3. ```cd Challenge/Task_1```
4. ```git lfs pull```
5. Create virtual environment (python 3.9): using Anaconda, a new environment can be created and activated using the following commands: 
    ```sh
    ## create venv in specific path
    conda create -p ./venv python=3.9 -y
    conda activate ./venv
    ```
6. ```pip install --upgrade pip```
7. Install Pytorch (2.3.1) for your system:
   ```pip install torch==2.3.1 torchvision==0.18.1```

> *Note all previous versions of pytorch can be found in these instructions:[https://pytorch.org/get-started/previous-versions/](https://pytorch.org/get-started/previous-versions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note all previous versions of pytorch can be found in [this link](https://pytorch.org/get-started/previous-versions/#v231).
```
